# IMDB Movies list demo

This project is intended to show case basic features of Algolia’s platform. It is possible to search movies by several attributes, including some metadata.

The main goal of the project was to have a working demo environment in a couple of hours that was able to perform complex searches on the dataset. Users can refine their search by:

- *Genres*: selecting on the left menu or searching for a specific genre
- *Actors*: selecting the name of the actor on the left menu or searching for it
- *Rating*: defining the minimum rating (stars) for a title
- *Score*: the score number was rounded to fit 2 decimals for better readability. Users can select the range of scores for their movies

Each tile contains the details of a movie (title, rating, score, year, cover image), so the user can navigate through the list of titles matching the defined filters.

## Points of improvement

- Right now, it is possible to search via attributes which users cannot see (e.g. Alternative titles). Although it enables users to find movies searching on their own language, the lack of a visual queue of what’s happening behind the scenes makes it difficult to understand what’s happening on the UI.
- Several images cover URLs are broken, requiring an update on the dataset
- The UI pushes the user to click on the movie’s tile but there’s no detail page for movies. One should be implemented.
- The Score range slider should prompt the actual decimals when moved
- Score and ratings are two attributes that sometimes overlap and sometimes have no correlation. It can be counter intuitive to be able to perform a search where, for instance, I’m searching for movies with high rating and low score

## Feedbacks

- The API’s documentation is amazing. Full of examples and very detailed information.
- In some examples, the URL for the `Instantsearch` library is broken (the ones generated by `[create-instant-app](https://github.com/algolia/create-instantsearch-app)`, for instance). They had to be fixed manually.
- By following the tutorials and watching the video demos is possible to create a full working searching UI without mastering the whole platform

_This project was generated with [create-instantsearch-app](https://github.com/algolia/create-instantsearch-app) by [Algolia](https://algolia.com)._
